Add reusable workflow for building and publishing python packages with poetry (#3)
bakdata/ci-templates: actions/python-setup-poetry/README.md

# python-setup-poetry

> This composite action setups poetry. First, it installs Python for the given version and then Poetry for the given input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This composite action sets up poetry. First, it installs Python for the given version and then Poetry for the given input
```
